_members/nguyentran.md, before:

---
name: Nguyen Tran
image: images/team/nguyen.png
role: professor
description: Associate Professor; Director of the DUAL Group at the University of Sydney
links:
  home-page: https://nguyenhoangtran.github.io/
  email: nguyen.tran@sydney.edu.au
---
Associate Professor Nguyen Hoang Tran directs the DUAL group at the University of Sydney. His research spans distributed computing, optimization, and machine learning, with notable contributions to personalized federated learning (e.g., Moreau envelopes), wireless network-aware federated learning, and resource optimization and incentive mechanism design for edge intelligence systems.

Dr. Tran received his PhD from Kyung Hee University in 2011, where he was awarded Best PhD Thesis. His leadership and impact are recognized through honors including the Sydney Research Accelerator (SOAR) Prize (2022–2023), and editorial roles with venues such as IEEE JSAC and IEEE Transactions on Machine Learning in Communications and Networking.

Commit message:

update profile for prof. Nguyen; update featured project 'WaSeCom'; update background photo

_members/nguyentran.md, after:

---
name: Nguyen Tran
image: images/team/nguyen.png
role: professor
description: Associate Professor; Director of the DUAL Group at the University of Sydney
links:
  home-page: https://nguyenhoangtran.github.io/
  email: nguyen.tran@sydney.edu.au
---
Nguyen Hoang Tran (S’10–M’11–SM’18) is an Associate Professor in the School of Computer Science at the University of Sydney, where he leads the Distributed compUting, optimizAtion, and machine Learning (DUAL) research group. His research encompasses distributed computing, optimization, and machine learning, with notable advances in personalized federated learning (e.g., Moreau envelopes), wireless network-aware federated learning, and resource optimization and incentive mechanism design for edge intelligence systems.

He received his B.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical and Computer Engineering from HCMC University of Technology and Kyung Hee University in 2005 and 2011, respectively, with the Best Ph.D. Thesis Award in 2011. Before joining the University of Sydney, he was an Assistant Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Kyung Hee University (2012–2017).

Dr. Tran has received multiple Best Paper Awards (IEEE ICC 2016, ACM MSWiM 2019) and major research grants, including the Korea NRF Basic Science and Research Program (2016–2023), ARC Discovery Project (2020–2023), and SOAR Prize (2022–2023). He serves on the editorial boards of leading journals, including IEEE Transactions on Machine Learning in Communications and Networking (2022–present), IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications (2020, distributed/federated ML area), and previously IEEE Transactions on Green Communications and Networking (2016–2020).
